# Table of Contents

1.  [Technologies](#technologies)
2.  [Setup](#setup)
3.  [Assumptions](#assumptions)
4.  [Implemented Functionality](#implemented-functionality)
5.  [Pending Functionality](#pending-functionality)
6.  [Known Bugs / Issues / Limitations](#bugs)

# Technologies

## Client

* React
* Redux

## Server

* NodeJS
* Express
* Passport
* MongoDB

# Setup

## Prerequisites:

* Node
* Yarn (or npm, substitude yarn for npm in following instructions)
* Mongodb

## Intructions

To install all dependences `npm install`

**I have added a guest account to my own database and included the variables.env file in the repository. This should allow you to skip to the [Startup](#startup) step and now run `yarn start` and navigate to `http://localhost:5000/` in your browser**

### Environment Variables

You will need to create a `variables.env` file in the root directory of this project.

```
NODE_ENV=development
DATABASE=<mongodb connection>
SECRET=
KEY=
ADMIN_PASSWORD=password
```

Provide your own values for the above. `SECRET` and `KEY` may be any string.
`ADMIN_PASSWORD` will be used as the default password for accounts created by the setup script.

### Database Initialization

If you choose to create your own database rather than the one referenced in the included `variables.env` file, you will need to use the following script to add the default user accounts. Execute the following from the root directory.

```
cd scripts
node setup
```

This script will also erase all previous users and reviews, and may be used to reset the database as needed.

### Startup

To start the server, run `yarn start` and navigate to `http://localhost:5000/` in your browser.

# Assumptions

* Reviews have been simplied to a 5 star rating

* No registration, employees only added by admin user

  * Admin user generated by setup script

* Employee details out of scope, only giving them a name

# Implemented Functionality

## Admin view

* Add employees
* Add/update/view performance reviews
* Assign employees to participate in another employee's performance review

## Employee view

* List of performance reviews requiring feedback
* Submit feedback

# Pending Functionality

## Admin view

* remove/update/view
  * View arguably implemented, less relevant without expanding employee details
  * Ability to make accounts an admin

## Generic

* Quick Login using sample data

<a id="bugs"></a>

## Known Bugs / Issues / Limitations

* Occasional duplication of employees.

  * Occurs on login, determine when login occurs without data having been cleared by logout.

* Long Employee Names

  * Employee List - Text doesn't wrap with long words, multi-line names cause high increase and jump buttons

- Generally Weak Error Handling

  * Null returns on updates not consistently handled, api errors may break things

  [To Top](#table-of-contents)
